# SFSU CS Department MS Thesis Latex Template

Use this LaTeX template to create your MS thesis! Just add content!

## Usage

#### Online 

An easy way to use this LaTeX template is to create an account (free) at (Overleaf)[www.overleaf.com]. Overleaf provides the ability for you to enter LaTeX content and then it will generate results you can see in your browser window. It provides quite a bit of help and there is a trove of useful LaTeX reference material to help you navigate its usage.

#### Command line: MacOS

You need to have the pdflatex and biber installed. One way to do this is to install 
the (HomeBrew package manger)[https://brew.sh/] then do a 
>  brew install pdflatex
>  brew install biber  

Once installed, then generate a PDF as follows: run pdflatex, then bibtex, then run pdflatex twice more to resolve references:

> pdflatex thesis  
> biber thesis  
> pdflatex thesis  
> pdflatex thesis  


#### Linux

Someone needs to write the docs for using LaTeX on Linux platforms.

#### Windows

Someone needs to write the docs for using LaTeX on windows platforms.


## History

*March 2024*. W. Bethel, began with the (SFSU Math Dept thesis template)[https://sfsu.app.box.com/s/20zfv1mvvee7ddoyro6jgu1balx9th1t] (see also the (SFSU Math Dept website)[https://math.sfsu.edu/forms] ). Bethel added more math in support of quantum computing, cleaned up the file structure, added more foundational writing elements like Figure, Equation, and Table referencing within the text. This initial revision also includes more elements common to CS, like code listings, more examples of using in-document cross referencing, correct construction of a bibliography, etc.


## ToDo

*March 2024*, W. Bethel. Suggest some work to provide better guidance to students about what exactly to write in each section. At present, there is a lot of filler text generated by the lipsum package which is fine for filling up space but is not very useful in providing actual guidance to students in how to write. The chap4 is an initial attempt at what a results section/chapter might look like in terms of structure
